README.md, before:

# Karu-Idle-JS-game

This is a browser game, made using HTML, CSS and JavaScript.

## How to play:

	1.Download/clone the game.  
	2.Open SimpleIdleJSGame.html file in your web browser (So far only Opera has been tested).  
	3.Have fun! :)
---
## Functionalities:

	*Autoclickers: You can buy these to make the game play itself!
	*LocalStorage integration: you can save and load your game!
	*Avatars: These give the game more personality!
	*Console: A handy console which shows your last actions!
	*Stats: View your progress!
	*Achievements: Goals for you to achieve!
	*Shop: Spend your generated money!
	*Avatar Boutique: Spend your hard earned Karu Gems on powerful avatar skills!
	*Themes: A colorful theme and a night mode for style!
	*Music: The game has background music, and unlockable songs too!

---
## Latest Release [v1.0]
	
	Version 1.0 is the first complete version of the game, it has 5 avatars, 2 themes,
	2 songs and 7 achievements. The game has been published in several social media.

---
## What's coming next?
	
	-More music is being added into the game!
	-More avatars and skills are being added!
	
---
Idle Games can be a bit addicting, it's weird how just watching a number grow makes
you feel somehow rewarded.  I love idle games myself, so I'm always trying to make one
whenever I learn a new language.

Commit message:

Revise README for Karu-Idle-JS-game transition
Updated the README to reflect the transition from a browser game to a Node.js multiplayer cyberpunk Idle Clicker, including new functionalities and versioning.

README.md, after:

# Karu - Indie 16bits

Karu-Idle-JS-game was a browser game, made using HTML, CSS and JavaScript.
Here we are testing how to use it as the base structure to implement a full Nodejs, multiplayer cyberpunk Idle Clicker.

## How to play:

	1.Download/clone the game.  
	2.Open SimpleIdleJSGame.html file in your web browser (So far only Opera has been tested).  
	3.Have fun! :)
---

## Functionalities:

	*Autoclickers: You can buy these to make the game play itself!
	*LocalStorage integration: you can save and load your game!
	*Avatars: These give the game more personality!
	*Console: A handy console which shows your last actions!
	*Stats: View your progress!
	*Achievements: Goals for you to achieve!
	*Shop: Spend your generated money!
	*Avatar Boutique: Spend your hard earned Karu Gems on powerful avatar skills!
	*Themes: A colorful theme and a night mode for style!
	*Music: The game has background music, and unlockable songs too!
	*Login and User Managament

---
## Latest Release [v0.1]
	
	Version 1.0 is the first complete version of Kary the game, it has 5 avatars, 2 themes,
	2 songs and 7 achievements. The game has been published in several social media.
	Version 0.1 is the first working deployment of the Nodejs version.

---
## What's coming next?
	
	-More music is being added into the game!
	-More avatars and skills are being added!
	-User/Character control
	-Stories!
	-Inventary
	-A Fixed Hub from where to get to missions.
	
---
